Worker pool rollout v2 (#12829)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/networking/dual-stack-networking-migration.md

The migration process should usually take place during the corresponding shoot maintenance time window. If you wish to run the migration process earlier, then you need to roll the nodes yourself and then trigger a reconcile so that the status of the `DualStackNodesMigrationReady` constraint is set to `true`. Once this is the case a new reconcile needs to be triggered to update the final components as described in step 5.  

> To help with manual rollout, Gardener provides a way to trigger a manual worker pool rollout by annotating the shoot with the `rollout-workers` annotation and specifying which worker pools you'd like to be rolled out:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help with manual rollout, Gardener provides a way to trigger the rollout per worker pool by annotating the `Shoot` with the `rollout-workers` operation annotation and specifying which the pool names you'd like to be rolled out:
```
